You couldn't be more wrong.
It is a return to the
ideals of Lenin and Stalin.
Oh. please.
I came here to test the
modified anchor clamps.
not discuss geopolitics.
I already tested the clamps.
They work fine.
If only your opinion were
enough for Star City.
Let's go!
You don't have Gorbachev and his
cronies to protect you anymore.
New times. Svetlana Zakharova.
Oh. yes.
Will Korzhenko save us
the same way Stalin did?
Shooting dissidents
in the forest
and dumping their
bodies in pits?
Stalin won the
Great Patriotic War.
The blood of an entire
generation won that war.
Not Stalin.
Listen. the West walked
all over Mother Russia!
Korzhenko will return
us to the days when
the world lived in
fear of our might.
You are delusional. Vasily.
And you are a traitor.
Spitting on your own culture
spreading your legs
in front of the West.
Go to hell.
Go yourself.
This is complete bullshit!
Exhale or your lungs will burst!
And may never regain
consciousness.
I have spoken to
President Korzhenko
and he demands that
there be repercussions.
Good day. everyone.
There is much to discuss.
Let's begin.
First order of business.
The Americans have
chosen to disregard
the terms of the Mars Treaty
and are refusing to send
Cosmonaut Zakharova back
to face justice for her
aggression against the nephew
of a highly respected
member of the new politburo.
We must resist
this egregious act.
Our response is in progress.
They will face consequences
for this course of action.
Director...
it may be wise to
reconsider this position.
If we hope to reactivate
the asteroid program
Zakharova should
remain at her post.
Are you suggesting
that Zakharova
did not. in fact.
attack Vasily Galkin?
No. I am...
If you were stabbed in
the back. Comrade Babanin.
would you hand the dagger
back to your assailant?
No. of course not.
I did not think so.
We must find out if we can
once again trust the Americans.
To this end.
there will be no reactivation
of the asteroid program
until we know what went wrong
with the Kronos mission.
A tragedy that took the life of
our beloved Comrade Kuznetsov.
Comrade Semenov. you have
the preliminary draft of
the XF Kronos asteroid capture
accident investigation ready for us?
Yes.
Comrade Volkova. would you mind
handing them out for me. please?
Immediately. Comrade.
Please give one to
Margaret Reynolds as well.
I want her to
review the findings.
My apologies. we only
made enough for...
You can give her Babanin's copy.
Comrade Semenov.
please continue.
The American design was flawed.
The problem was caused by an
underdamped harmonic oscillation.
induced by the spacecraft
altitude control system.
Altitude control thruster
firings on Ranger-1 excited...
Come in to my office.
Have a seat. Comrade Semenov.
We were just going over
the accident report
issued by your department.
Is there some problem?
Director. I...
You're a good engineer.
You knew about this. didn't you?
But you didn't include
it in the report.
Why?
It was a units error made
early in fabrication.
NASA sent the torque
test specifications
in pound-feet. but we
work in Newton-meters.
And someone screwed
up the conversion.
The bolts passed
and we flew them.
Only after the
accident did we...
discover the error.
Who screwed up the conversion?
My team performed
the calculations
and therefore I am responsible.
Finally...
some accountability.
Come. Kirill.
"Remote in my darkened exile.
the days dragged by so slowly.
Without grace.
Without inspiration.
Without life. Without
tears. Without love.
Then my spirit woke and
you... you appeared again.
Like a transient vision.
Like pure beauty's spirit."
Are you okay?
The KGB took him.
Took who?
My mentor. Kirill Semenov.
No...
No. that's not...
He was fired. She wouldn't...
Of course she would.
She is one of them.
Two men came to his office
and they took him away.
in front of everyone.
No one did a thing.
Cowards. all of them.
Even me.
Good afternoon. everyone.
I have good news.
The Americans have folded.
Thanks to our efforts.
Cosmonaut Zakharova will stand trial
for her crimes against the state.
Great job. thank you.
Now we have another busy
day. so let's begin.
First item on the agenda...